# Finance_data_analytics
Public Company Annual Report Fraud Detection:

Background:
Financial fraud has been perplexing the management of the capital market and has become a serious problem, which has also attracted academic scholars' attention. Past experience shows that financial fraud of listed companies has brought serious negative impact on investors and even the whole capital market. According to the statistics of Beasley et al. (2010)1, the average share price of the first financial fraud company fell by 16.7%, and 47% of the financial fraud companies delisted. In addition, four of the top ten bankruptcy cases in American history are also related to significant financial fraud. In recent years, both the frequency and the amount of financial fraud have shown an upward trend, which has increasingly become the concern of investors, auditors and regulators. Financial fraud not only destroys investors' trust in the quality of financial statements, but also seriously disrupts the normal operation of the capital market. Therefore, how to improve the efficiency of financial fraud prediction of listed companies is becoming vita in the current environment.
Although financial fraud identification needs to have rich experience and knowledge and rely on the external audit to give objective audit opinions, the traditional financial fraud methods can not meet the needs of current financial fraud identification due to their low efficiency and manual exposure in the past. First of all, the means of fraud are becoming more and more complicated. The process of fraud is no longer a single type of fraud, which may involve income statements, balance sheets, false disclosure fraud, etc., and the identification of financial fraud has become more complex and time-consuming. Secondly, financial fraud identification has a long time lag after the occurrence of fraud behavior. According to the statistics of the CSMAR , 64.15% of the cases of financial fraud punishment of listed companies from 2006 to 2018 were delayed for 1-4 years, and 17.18% for 5 years or more. The long time lag has led to a malignant impact on the security market.

As a result, developing an efficient machine-learning algorithm to identify fraudulent behaviors from the listed company's annual report is of great importance. Not only will investors benefit from the fraud risk disclosure by reexamining their investment decisions, but also regulators will pay attention to those risk companies and allocate the management resources efficiently. Now we collected a real-world dataset from the Shanghai A-share companies. Whether those listed companies are disclosed as conducting fraud in the annual report and the corresponding fraudulent years are reported in the excel file. Other information related to Asset Structure, Portability, Cash Flow, Operational Ability, Audit are recorded in the same file. All those information is recorded in a series manner from the year 2006 to 2018. Task is to develop an effective machine- learning algorithm that has the ability to identify the fraud list companies. Note that some companies have fraud behaviors in sequent years.
